# How to use the Wizard 

The  is a three-step facilitator that establishes the central network and senhasegura environmental services.
:::(Info) (Info)
All  settings can be changed later through specific screens in the  system.
:::

In a new instance of senhasegura, right after activation through the license, you will be presented with the first step of the . If, for any reason, you wish to review the  procedures, a button on the main  can be used to restart your steps.

## Step 1
In this first step, you can define , , , , , , , e .
:::(Warning) (Caution)

* When you change the , the server will be restarted.

* When changing the , the NTP service will be restarted, and users will be logged off.

* When changing the , ensure that the senhasegura has access to the other network elements already configured.
:::

## Step 2
In the second step, you can configure . If you want the backup to be exported to a remote disk partition, you can configure it through ,  or direct sending using . 
:::(Warning) (Attention)
There is no need to install third-party software to manage the backup. And this attitude should be discouraged, as the platform is homologated with restricted third-party software.
:::
If the client has a backup agent, we indicate that this agent is installed on the server that contains the remote folder that will receive the backup copy.
:::(Warning) (Caution)
If the system loses access to the remote backup directory, a notification via email and SIEM will be sent.
:::

## Step 3
In this third and last step, you can add the instance to an existing cluster.

The senhasegura cluster is restricted to the database. However, you can configure that the files generated by the instance are also replicated to other members.
:::(Warning) (Caution)
The database service will be restarted if you have chosen to configure the cluster.
:::

The steps of this third step of the  can be summarized as follows:

1. If you want to activate the cluster, select yes in enable high availability and/or Contingency environment;

1. By default, the senhasegura will only replicate the database layer between the instances. If you also want to replicate the video files, select yes in enabling replication of session files;

1. In the members of the section members of the High Availability or Contingency environment, indicate the IP of the cluster members;
:::(Warning) (Caution)
The order of these members should be the same among all members.
:::

4. If cluster members are in different data centers, select yes from the members are in different datacenters fields.
    1. Configure latency between clusters within field options .
    * Also, set the instance indicator in the  field if you have more than one instance of senhasegura in the same data center;

1. Click  for  to apply cluster settings;

1. You will be directed to the replication status screen to check the results.

When you finish the third step, wait for the instance to normalize, and you will be ready to activate the application and use all functionalities.