# Register default access policies 

CautionGO Endpoint Manager for Linux doesn’t grant permission to a directory or file to a user if the operating system doesn’t allow access.Access the senhasegura platform.Navigate to GO Endpoint Manager➔Policies➔Linux➔Access Policies.Click ⁝ and select the option New rule for workstation.At the Registration of rules per workstation form, in the Main tab, complete the fields:Policy name: define an easy-to-identify name. Enabled: if enabled, the policy will be applied across devices.Guideline: select a policy type.CautionIf the user already has the command embedded in the shell itself, GO Endpoint Manager for Linux won’t search to execute the system command. In this way, the command embedded in the shell won’t be filtered by the policy. To check the built-in shell commands in the Linux terminal, type the help command.Checker (path or executor): fill in the directory path (e.g.: path="/usr/bin/ls") or the executor for symlinks (e.g.: exec="/etc/alternatives/vim"). To get the path, type which [the command you want], and to validate if it's a symbolic link, type ls -la [the command path you want].ImportantFailure to complete or incorrectly complete this field can lead to the complete unusability of the device. Follow CaitSith's syntax to fill in correctly.Enable audit?: the field is required and enabled by default. It allows auditing of actions performed. Include general denial rule?: if this option is checked, no Linux workstation user will be able to execute something not allowed by the access policy. If unchecked, all Linux workstation users will be allowed to run everything except what the rule blocks.Allow or block: choose whether the registered policy allows or denies access to the user or group.Rule text: fill in a rule in the format of the CaitSithpolicies. For example, for users: task.uid="user". For groups: task.gid=”group”. It must be the user's primary group.CautionThe first rule added takes precedence over rules entered later. If you create a rule that allows the binary to run and then add another rule to block the same binary from running, the first rule will be considered and the second not.Click Add.Go to the Workstations tab.Select Workstations+.Choose the workstations you want to add to the segregation.Click Add.Click Save.InfoAll commands that go through a filtering process will be logged. This includes defined rules to allow running on CaithSith access policies or rules for sudo. You can change the general rule of a policy to include more rules, such as controlling directories and files, by clicking the Change workstation rule icon in the Action column of an existing policy. The (⁝) Display rule icon allows you to check the formatted policy.CautionAvoid reusing existing policies; prefer creating new policies. Constantly editing current policies can cause errors in the policy you’re creating.Policies added to the deviceTo validate that the policy has been added to the device:Access the Linux terminal.Enter the command:cat /sys/kernel/security/caitsith/policy