# Executors plugins 

Executors of senhasegura represent protocols, systems connectivity, and the ability to interact natively.Executions will run only when the target artifact (e.g. credential to be changed) is configured with an executor and a template. Every Template belongs to only one Executor.Every executor can interact with a system. senhasegura abstraction layer enables our development team to create new executors to reach protocols, cloud providers, APIs, website interfaces, OS commands, etc.Web environmentsCautionThe instructions in an execution template can not contain any human interaction, like an MFA, during the execution or may not work as intended.For example, if an execution template changes a user password and it requires any Multifactor Authentication, the operation to change the password will not work.ExecutorDescriptioncURLExecutor for requests to simple web pages. Pages without JavaScript environment or HTML events. You can use this executor for legacy systems based on pure HTML4 architectureHTTPExecutor for requests to complex web pages where more interactivity using JavaScript elements and event triggers are requiredSeleniumSelenium is a web application automation solution created to support teams during automated tests, simulating a userMiscellaneous protocolsExecutorDescriptionLDAPInteractivity with navigations and operations on LDAP serversSSHExecution of commands through an SSH connectionSSH LegacyCommand execution via SSH connection from legacy devices and old SSH versionsTelnetExecution of commands through a Telnet connectionWindows environmentsExecutorDescriptionWindows RMInteractivity with Windows devices through Windows RMWindows RPCInteractivity with Windows devices through Windows RPC. It is even possible to execute commands via PowerShellDatabasesInfosenhasegura can interact with a great number of databases. Its implementation can be requested from our Sales or Support team if needed. By default, senhasegura comes with only these four major database vendors installed.ExecutorDescriptionMySQLExecution of commands in a MySQL databaseOracleExecution of commands in an Oracle databasePostgreSQLExecution of commands in PostgreSQL databaseSQL ServerExecution of commands in SQL Server databaseMongoDBExecution of commands in a MongoDB databaseCassandraExecution of commands in a Cassandra databaseElasticsearchExecution of commands in an Elasticsearch databaseSpecific products and binariesExecutorDescriptionTk ExpectBinary interactivity on the remote device via SSH, Telnet, SQL*Plus, or TDS (Tabular Data Stream) connections. Perfect for interacting on command line applications where the interface needs to be interpretedVMWare ESXiChanging passwords using the VMWare ESXi clientx3270: IBM Terminal Emulatorx3270 opens a telnet connection to an IBM host in an X window. It implements RFCs 2355 (TN3270E), 1576 (TN3270), and 1646 (LU name selection) and supports IND$FILE file transfer. The window created by x3270 can use its font for displaying characters, so it is a relatively accurate representation of an IBM 3278 or 3279. It is similar to tn3270(1) except that it is X-based, not curses-basedIBM 3270 Terminals3270 opens a telnet connection to an IBM host, then allows a script to control the host login session. It is derived from x3270(1), an X-windows IBM 3270 emulator. It implements RFCs 2355 (TN3270E), 1576 (TN3270), and 1646 (LU name selection) and supports IND$FILE file transfer