# How to transfer a file in Terminal Proxy sessions using SFTP 

In this document, you’ll find a step-by-step guide on how to perform file transfer using SFTP in remote Terminal Proxy sessions.

:::(warning) ()
Some SSH tools, such as MobeXterm, automatically set an SFTP connection to transfer files after logging in with SSH. These SFTP connections , as the senhasegura proxy treats them separately.
:::

## Requirements

* Terminal Proxy type credential active.
* Start a connection via Multihop Terminal Proxy.

:::(info) ()
To transfer files directly to a destination server using SFTP, you must use the  connection because binaries traveling under SFTP have no way to interact with the intermediate terminal.
:::

---
## Transfer via SFTP on the terminal
Due to limitations of the protocol the user can’t use a personal credential to perform the file transfer. Only with a credential registered in senhasegura will be possible to perform the transfer.

Also, it won’t be possible to record the session, but it’s still possible to enable logging with a report of transferred files. To learn how to enable this log, access the  document.

To start, follow the steps and replace the strings with the values ​​described in the table below.
|
|---|---|
|User of the senhasegura vault.
|Hostname or IP address of the senhasegura vault.
|Credential user you want to use for access.
|Hostname or IP address of the device you want to access.
|Code generated by MFA Token.
|Name of the file to be transferred.

1. Open the  application of your preference.
    1. Type 
        :::(warning) ()
        If the use of the OTP token is registered, it must be entered as the example: .
        :::
2. Use the commands below to:
    1. Perform the file , type:
        1. 
        2. Press the  key to start.
        3. When the file is complete, a `
 100%` message will be displayed.
    2. Perform the file , type:
        1. 
        2. Press the  key to start.
        3. When the file is complete, a `
 100%` message will be displayed.
3. When finished, type:
    1. 

After completion, the files will be saved. When performing an upload it’ll be saved on the target machine and when downloading it’ll be saved on the user's machine. For the files to be saved within the senhasegura shell, it’s necessary to perform the  without the use of Multihop.

---
## Via WinSCP application

1. Open the  application on your machine.
2. On the  screen fill in the fields in  section.
    1. : select .
    2. : type the hostname or IP address of the senhasegura vault.
    3. : type 22.
    4. : type 
    5. : enter your senhasegura access password
3. Click .

After these steps, the connection will be ready for use, follow the tool's instructions to transfer the files.

:::(info) ()
If the user has an OTP token configured, use the token in the connection string. .
:::

---


The senhasegura Terminal Proxy also offers another type of file transfer via SCP, to find out how to perform this, access the  document.

---
Do you still have questions? Reach out to the .