# Add credentials 

Credentials are the access keys that give access to the account services at the Cloud provider.
Create credential
To create a credential, go to the menu: Cloud IAM ➔ Cloud IAM ➔ Credentials.


Click on the actions button and select the option Add credential.


In the form fill in the following fields:


Provider: Select the provider where the credential should be created


Account: Select the account


User/Service account: Select the user or service account for which the
                    credential will be created


TTL (seconds): Defines the lifetime of the credential. This time is
                    decreasing and starts to be valid from its creation and at the end the credential will be
                    automatically deleted in the provider.


Environment: Environment in which the credential will be generated


System: System in which the credential will be generated


Description: Detailed description of the credential


Tags: Tags used to facilitate the search in the filters and segregate the
                    credential in the access groups




To finish, click on Confirm.


View credential
To view a credential, follow the menu Cloud IAM ➔ Cloud IAM ➔ Credentials.


In the report, go to the row of the credential you want to view and in the action column, click on the option
            Details


To see the secret of the credential click on the Show/Hidden password option



Caution

Only credentials generated by senhasegura will have their password stored. Those generated directly by the
            provider can only be viewed once.