# How to manage identity providers

You can add or remove identity providers in senhasegura. To do this, follow the steps below.

## Add new provider

1. On senhasegura, in the upper-left corner, click the **Grid Menu**, represented by the nine squares, and select **Settings**.
2. In the side menu, select **Authentication > Identity Management (IGA) > Providers.**
3. In the top bar, click on **View actions**, represented by the three vertical dots, and select **New provider.**
4. In the **Register Identity management provider** window, enter the data according to the following instructions.

### Settings tab

1. **Name**: fill in the name of the identity card.
2. **Protocol**: select the protocol to be used from the drop-down menu.
3. **Synchronize in Domum?**: select from the drop-down menu whether you want to synchronize this identity provider with senhasegura Domum.
   1. Once saved, this information cannot be modified.
4. **Active**: select from the radio button whether you want to create this provider active.
5. **Description**: provide a description of this new provider.
6. **Tags**: add tags for this new provider.

### Authentication tab

1. **Authentication method**: select the authentication method to be used by this provider from the drop-down menu.
2. **Expiration Date/Time**: in the first field, enter the expiration date of the token generated by senhasegura. In the second field, enter the expiration time.

   1. Although the time field provides 15-minute intervals, you can enter any time, as long as it is valid, in this field.
3. **Allowed IPs (enter * to allow any IP)**: when you click on the add button, a text field opens below, allowing you to enter one or more IP addresses from which API requests will be allowed.

   1. Enter an asterisk if you want to allow connection from any IP address.
   2. To delete a registered IP address, click on the button represented by the trash can icon on the left-hand side of the parameter.
4. **Allowed referers (empty list for any origin)**: when you click on the add button, a text field opens below, allowing you to enter an HTTP referer to which authentication will be allowed.

   1. Leave the field blank if you want to allow connection from any referrer.
   2. To delete a registered referrer, click on the button represented by the trash can icon on the left-hand side of the parameter.
5. Click **Save** on either tab to save the new provider settings.

## Update provider

1. On senhasegura, in the upper-left corner, click the **Grid Menu**, represented by the nine squares, and select **Settings**.
2. In the side menu, select **Authentication > Identity Management (IGA) > Providers.**
3. The I**dentity Management Providers** report lists all the authentication providers registered with your senhasegura instance.
4. Identify the one you want to change and, in the **Action** column, click **Update provider**, represented by the pencil and paper icon.
5. The **Register Identity management provider** window will open in edit mode.
6. Change the parameters you want and click **Save**.

## Provider details

You can obtain details of each provider registered with senhasegura. To do this, follow the steps below:

1. On senhasegura, in the upper-left corner, click the **Grid Menu**, represented by the nine squares, and select **Settings**.
2. In the side menu, select **Authentication > Identity Management (IGA) > Providers.**
3. In the **Identity Management Providers** report, identify the one you want to view the details of.
4. Click on the three vertical dots icon in the **Action** column and select the **Provider details** option, represented by the magnifying glass icon.
5. The **Register Identity Management Provider** window will open in preview mode. In this window, you have the following information:
   1. **Provider**: indicates which authentication provider is used by the provider.
   2. **Authentication method**: indicates the authentication method (name) of the provider.
   3. **Status**: indicates the status of the provider.
   4. **Description**: indicates the descriptive text about the provider.
   5. **Tags**: indicates the tags related to the provider.
   6. **Base URL**: indicates the base URL for making the API call. The URL will be the same as your senhasegura instance. Example: `https://senhasegura.com/iso/scim/v2`
   7. **Token URL**: indicates the URL of the senhasegura authentication token. The URL will be the same as your senhasegura instance. Example: `https://senhasegura.com/iso/token/v2`
   8. **Client ID**: indicates senhasegura's identification key so API calls can be made.
   9. **Client Secret**: indicates senhasegura's secret key so that calls can be made via API.
      1. To view the keys' values for both `Client ID` and `Client Secret`, click on the eye button next to each field.
      2. You can only view one key at a time.

## Delete provider

You can delete a provider registered with senhasegura. To do this, follow the steps below:

1. On senhasegura, in the upper-left corner, click the **Grid Menu**, represented by the nine squares, and select **Settings**.
2. In the side menu, select **Authentication > Identity Management (IGA) > Providers.**
3. In the **Identity Management Providers** report, identify the one you want to view the details of.
4. Click on the three vertical dots icon in the Action column and select the **Delete provider** option, represented by the trash can icon.
5. In the confirmation modal, select **Yes** to confirm the provider's deletion.

---

Do you still have questions? Reach out to the [senhasegura Community](https://community.senhasegura.io/).
