# How to manage identity providers 

You can add or remove identity providers in senhasegura. To do this, follow the steps below.

## Add new provider

1. On senhasegura, in the upper-left corner, click the , represented by the nine squares, and select .
2. In the side menu, select 
3. In the top bar, click on , represented by the three vertical dots, and select 
4. In the  window, enter the data according to the following instructions.

### Settings tab

1. : fill in the name of the identity card.
2. : select the protocol to be used from the drop-down menu.
3. : select from the drop-down menu whether you want to synchronize this identity provider with senhasegura Domum.
   1. Once saved, this information cannot be modified.
4. : select from the radio button whether you want to create this provider active.
5. : provide a description of this new provider.
6. : add tags for this new provider.

### Authentication tab

1. : select the authentication method to be used by this provider from the drop-down menu.
2. : in the first field, enter the expiration date of the token generated by senhasegura. In the second field, enter the expiration time.
   1. Although the time field provides 15-minute intervals, you can enter any time, as long as it is valid, in this field.
3. : when you click on the add button, a text field opens below, allowing you to enter one or more IP addresses from which API requests will be allowed.
   1. Enter an asterisk if you want to allow connection from any IP address.
   2. To delete a registered IP address, click on the button represented by the trash can icon on the left-hand side of the parameter.
4. : when you click on the add button, a text field opens below, allowing you to enter an HTTP referer to which authentication will be allowed.
   1. Leave the field blank if you want to allow connection from any referrer.
   2. To delete a registered referrer, click on the button represented by the trash can icon on the left-hand side of the parameter.
5. Click  on either tab to save the new provider settings.

## Update provider

1. On senhasegura, in the upper-left corner, click the , represented by the nine squares, and select .
2. In the side menu, select 
3. The I report lists all the authentication providers registered with your senhasegura instance.
4. Identify the one you want to change and, in the  column, click , represented by the pencil and paper icon.
5. The  window will open in edit mode.
6. Change the parameters you want and click .

## Provider details

You can obtain details of each provider registered with senhasegura. To do this, follow the steps below:

1. On senhasegura, in the upper-left corner, click the , represented by the nine squares, and select .
2. In the side menu, select 
3. In the  report, identify the one you want to view the details of.
4. Click on the three vertical dots icon in the  column and select the  option, represented by the magnifying glass icon.
5. The  window will open in preview mode. In this window, you have the following information:
   1. : indicates which authentication provider is used by the provider.
   2. : indicates the authentication method (name) of the provider.
   3. : indicates the status of the provider.
   4. : indicates the descriptive text about the provider.
   5. : indicates the tags related to the provider.
   6. : indicates the base URL for making the API call. The URL will be the same as your senhasegura instance. Example: 
   7. : indicates the URL of the senhasegura authentication token. The URL will be the same as your senhasegura instance. Example: 
   8. : indicates senhasegura's identification key so API calls can be made.
   9. : indicates senhasegura's secret key so that calls can be made via API.
      1. To view the keys' values for both  and , click on the eye button next to each field.
      2. You can only view one key at a time.

## Delete provider

You can delete a provider registered with senhasegura. To do this, follow the steps below:

1. On senhasegura, in the upper-left corner, click the , represented by the nine squares, and select .
2. In the side menu, select 
3. In the  report, identify the one you want to view the details of.
4. Click on the three vertical dots icon in the Action column and select the  option, represented by the trash can icon.
5. In the confirmation modal, select  to confirm the provider's deletion.

---

Do you still have questions? Reach out to the .