# How to connect to a remote device with RDP Proxy via Proxy 2.0 

In this document, you will find a step-by-step guide on how to connect to a senhasegura server using any RDP client via Proxy 2.0.

## Requirements

* Have a Remote Desktop Proxy application installed.

---
## Connecting to a remote device

1. Open the  application of your choice.
2. In the  field, enter the IP address or hostname of senhasegura.
3. The  field is optional and can be filled in when prompted on the senhasegura home screen.
    1. If you wish to fill it in, enter the username used to access the vault.
4. Click .
5. On the  home screen, enter the required data:
    1. In the senhasegura  section:
        1. : user registered in the vault to be accessed.
        2. : password of the user accessing the vault.
        3. Click .
        :::(warning) ()
        When your password is reset or expires, the terminal will display a message warning that the password needs to be changed and display the steps that the user must take to register a new password through the web interface.
        :::
6. In sessions where the  is enabled, enter the number generated by the token in this step.
7. On the screen with the list of credentials, select the credential that will be used in the session.
8. Click .
9. If a presentation banner appears with an initial message, click .

After these steps, the session will be started and ready for use.

:::(info) ()
It’s possible to block or interrupt the session and the user while it’s active. To learn how to do this, access the  document.
:::

---
Do you still have questions? Reach out to the .