# How to add multi-factor authentication

:::(warning) (Caution)
After you register a token, you'll only be able to access the system by using it.
:::

To enable standard multi-factor authentication, follow these steps:

1. In senhasegura, in the top right corner, click the **Personal menu**, represented by the user's name.
2. In the drop-down menu, select **Configure MFA**.
3. Answer **Yes** to proceed with configuring the token.
4. Click on **OTP**.
5. On your mobile device, launch the chosen authentication application.
6. Using the camera, scan the QR code displayed on the screen.
7. The token will be registered in the application and an authentication code will be displayed.
8. After setting up the token in the application, click the link on the senhasegura screen.
9. Fill in the Token field with the code generated by the application.
10. Click on **Validate**.

:::danger Caution

- If the authentication application is unable to read the QR code, you can use the key provided by senhasegura.
- If you already have a token linked to your account, regardless of whether it has been validated, when you register a new token, the old one will be replaced by the new one.
- Events related to multifactor authentication settings are notified via **SIEM** and **SYSLOG**.
- A common problem during the generation of a TOTP is a time difference between the server and the device registering the token. This time difference can result in invalid temporary access codes, preventing successful authentication.
  :::

From that moment on, when you log in, you'll have to perform multi-factor authentication.

---
