## Metadata_Start 
## code: en
## title: First steps with Cloud Security 
## slug: cloud-security-first-steps 
## seoTitle: First steps with Cloud Security 
## description:  
## contentType: Markdown 
## Metadata_End
In this article, you’ll find a guide for new users to get started with **Cloud Security**.

## Step 1: Register your user

1. Open your browser and visit the **Cloud Security** website.
2. Look for the **New User? Register** option and click on it.
3. Enter your **First** and **Last name**.
4. Provide your **Email**.
5. Define a **Password**.
6. Confirm your password by entering it again.
7. Check the **I’m not a robot** box
8. Click **Register**.

## Step 2: Set up the Mobile Authenticator
1. Install one of the following applications on your mobile:
* Microsoft Authenticator.
* Google Authenticator.
* FreeOTP.
2.  Open the authenticator app and scan the **barcode**.
3.  Input the **one-time code** generated by the app.
4.  Enter a **Device Name** to help you manage your OTP devices.
5.  Click **Submit**.

## Step 3: Accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

1. Click the **Terms of Service and Privacy Policy** link to read **Cloud Security's** terms.
2. If you agree, click **Accept**.

## Step 4: Verify your email

1. Open your email and locate the **Cloud Security** confirmation email.
2. Click **Verify account** to open a new page.
3. Click **Click here to proceed** and wait for the confirmation message.
4. Click **Back to application**.

## Step 5: Choose your onboarding path

Choose between the following options for getting started with **Cloud Security**:

### Option 1: Sandbox mode 

Choose Sandbox mode to explore features in a simulated and secure environment. If necessary, refer to [About Sandbox mode](/v3-32/docs/cloud-security-about-sandbox-mode).

### Option 2: Request access

Choose this option to email a request for a tenant admin to get access to the **Cloud Security** environment.

### Option 3: Create an organization

Choose this option for a comprehensive admin experience and the ability to invite other people to your organization and tenants. To learn more about organizations, refer to [About Cloud Security’s architecture](/v3-32/docs/cloud-security-about-cloud-securitys-architecture).





