## Metadata_Start 
## code: en
## title: How to use MFA authentication with YubiKey 
## slug: how-to-use-mfa-authentication-with-yubikey 
## seoTitle: How to use MFA authentication with YubiKey 
## description:  
## contentType: Markdown 
## Metadata_End
The YubiKey is a security key that helps protect your online accounts and sensitive data. By combining physical and digital security, it offers a simple and effective way to enhance the protection of your online information. When using the YubiKey with senhasegura, you add an extra layer of security to your devices and accounts, helping protect yourself against fraud and cyber attacks.

## Requirements

* A credential configured in senhasegura.
* The [Yubico Authenticator 6.0+ application installed](https://www.yubico.com/products/yubico-authenticator/), either in the mobile or desktop version.
* A YubiKey device.

:::(info) (Info)
Currently, the following authentication devices are supported:
* YubiKey 5 FIPS Series.
* YubiKey 5 Series.
* YubiKey FIPS (4 Series).
* YubiKey 4 Series.
For more information, visit the [official Yubico documentation](https://support.yubico.com/hc/en-us/articles/360013789259-Using-Your-YubiKey-with-Authenticator-Codes).
:::

## Integrate YubiKey MFA Authentication with senhasegura

Before starting the integration of your YubiKey with senhasegura, you must configure the Youbico application according to the [tutorial in the Youbico documentation](https://support.yubico.com/hc/en-us/articles/360013789259-Using-Your-YubiKey-with-Authenticator-Codes).

1. On the senhasegura page, click the **personal menu**, represented by your name in the upper right corner, and select **Configure MFA**.
2. In the **Configure authentication token** window, select the **Yes** option.
3. Then select the type of token you want to configure; in this case, it will be **OTP**.
4. A QR Code will be displayed in the window.
5. In the **Youbico application**, select the option to add a new account and scan the QR Code generated by senhasegura (to scan the QR Code, point your phone at the screen and wait for confirmation).
6. Fill in the details of the new account according to your preferences.
7. Save the new account in the Youbico application.
8. Back in senhasegura, after scanning the QR Code, click in the indicated place in the window.
9. Enter the six-digit token shown by the Youbico application, click **Validate**, and wait for the validation confirmation.

Once the new MFA authentication method is confirmed and validated, you can close the window. From now on, when you log in to senhasegura, you must enter the six-digit OTP token generated from the Youbico application.

---

Do you still have questions? Reach out to the [senhasegura Community](https://community.senhasegura.io/).