## Metadata_Start 
## code: en
## title: How to request to view a session video 
## slug: how-to-request-to-view-a-session-video 
## seoTitle: How to request to view a session video 
## description:  
## contentType: Markdown 
## Metadata_End
This article aims to teach you how to request viewing a session video.

## Perform the Justification

For users who don’t  have **PAM Operator** permission in senhasegura, it’ll be necessary to present a justification for accessing a session video. This process will go through validation and then be released for preview.

To justify, follow these steps: :

1. In the top left corner, click the **Grid Menu** ⁝⁝⁝, indicated by the nine squares box, and select **PAM Core.**
2. Select **Access control ➔ Remote sessions**
3. In the desired session, under **Actions,** identified by the three vertical dots, click the **Video of session** button
4. Fill in the following information:
    4.1. In **Justification**, add a justification why you want to view the session video.
    4.2. In **Reason**, select the reason you want to view the session video.
    4.3. In **Governance code**, add the code generated in your ticketing system – ITSM (EX: A Ticket generated by the Jira platform would be filled in as: “ID-1112”).
    4.4. In **Start Access**, add access start date.
    4.5. In **Access end**, add access validity period.
5. Click to **Save** and wait for the request to be approved.

## Check session video requests
To check the requests made, access the side menu:
| Title | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **My session video request** | Check the requests that were made by you. They can have four status: Pending, Approved, Rejected, and Expired |
| **My session video approvals** | Check all pending approvals. |
| **Request** | Check all requests that were made in senhasegura, approved or rejected. |

:::(Info) (Info)
To have access to all requests, it is necessary to have **PAM.Auditor** permission.
:::