## Metadata_Start 
## code: en
## title: Parameters for Web Application Sessions 
## slug: pam-proxy-parameters-for-web-application-sessions 
## seoTitle: Parameters for Web Application Sessions 
## description:  
## contentType: Markdown 
## Metadata_End
Before starting any HTTP or HTTPS web session, you must specify the session parameters. senhasegura uses these parameters to authenticate access to the web page you want to visit.

## **Web Session Parameters**

PAM Core ➔ Settings ➔ Access ➔ Web sessions.

You will see a report with previously registered automation. To create a new automation, click the action button in the upper-right corner and click ***New***.


On the screen that opens, start by choosing the ***Device product,*** i.e. a previously registered device that is going to be the target of your automation.

Next, you need to fill in the following fields:

- ***Login URL***: Enter the URL of the login page of the website you want to use.
- ***(Optional) HTTP Auth Realm***: If the website requires HTTP authentication, provide the password in this field.
- ***(Optional) Ignore certificate error***: If your web app contains a certificate error, you can select this option to automate bypassing the certificate error page.
    :::(Warning) (RemoteApp macro and Ignore certificate error)
    To use the option **Ignore certificate error**, ensure that there are no RemoteApp macros associated with the credential that initiates the session. Otherwise, this automation will not function properly.
    :::

    

### Customize the authentication automation

Inside **Customized settings,** configure each step required for authentication. Each action is made up of seven elements:

- ***Wait (ms):*** Wait time in milliseconds before performing the next step. Always add a waiting time at the beginning of each automation to allow time for the page to load.
- ***Action:*** The type of action necessary to simulate what a human user would do to log into that page. Some actions have additional parameters.
    - **Simulated Click:** The service or webpage knows this is an automation programmed to click a button.
    - **Real Click:** The automation emulates how a human user would click a button to hide that the click was generated by code. **Example:** A real person acts clicking
    - **Run JS command:** Runs the specified JavaScript command.
    - **Mark:** Interacts with checkboxes and radio buttons.
    - **Simulated Fill:** Uses the Value column to fill in a form field without trying to mask the automation.
    - **Real Fill:** Uses the **Value** column to emulate how a human user fills a form field.
    - **Roll:** Forces a website or application to load a list of options in a drop-down list.
    - **Select:** Selects an option from a drop-down list (or another \<select> element).**Example:** A drop-down list on a website with different options to choose from.
    - **Submit:** Interacts with a submit button.**Example:** A button at the bottom of a form to submit the data you have populated in previous fields.
    - **Captcha:** Identifies a challenge–response test used to determine if the user is human.**Example:** A distorted image containing letters, numbers, and symbols in hard-to-read fonts.
- ***Extra:*** Some user simulation automation requires additional parameters. Use this column to provide these extra details.
- ***Field:*** The [jQuery selector](https://api.jquery.com/category/selectors/) used to identify the target element of the action
    :::(Info) (Inspecting an element)
    You can find an element’s selector by inspecting it on your browser:

    1. Right-click the field or button you want to interact with (the password field, the submit button, etc.) and choose Inspect.
    2. An inspect panel opens up on the right-hand side of the browser. The element should be highlighted in the Elements tab. Right-click that section of the HTML and choose **Copy ➔ Copy selector**.
    3. Paste the selector in the Field column of your proxy automation.
    :::

- ***Value:*** The value used to fill in the specified field.
You can choose to type a fixed value or use masks such as `[username]`, `[host_ip]`, `[password]`, and `[user_custom_code]`
        - The credential's password: `[password]`
        - The sign-in credential's username: `[username]`
        - The IP address, DNS, or URL of the device associated to the credential `[host_ip]`
        - Employees or third parties: tag to start web sessions with third authentication field `[user_custom_code]`
- ***Attempts:*** Number of times the automation should try to perform that action if unsuccessful. There are many reasons why the action could fail. Common reasons include using the wrong selector, choosing the wrong action for that particular element, and not adding enough waiting time between actions.
- ***Interval (ms):*** Time in milliseconds before the automation attempts to perform this action again. Please note that the first action in an automation usually requires more time to load the page and find the fields the automation has to interact with.

Subsequent steps usually do well with shorter **Wait** times, fewer **Attempts**, and shorter **Intervals** since these fields are usually close to the first element you interact with.
    
:::(Info) (Note)
If the authentication process includes additional steps after the first submit button, remember to add longer wait periods for every first action on a newly loaded page.

If the authentication process includes a Captcha, use the selector of the main component that hosts the Captcha element. This is the only component that will be displayed to users to prevent them from modifying any of the previous pre-populated fields.

However, some more sophisticated Captcha technologies do not allow any automated interaction with the component that hosts the Captcha. In that case, terminate the automation before the Captcha step to display the entire authentication page. Every session is recorded, and you can check the video if you suspect any user interference in other authentication fields.
:::

After everything is set, when the user launches a session, they will be redirected to the website of their choice on senhasegura's embedded browser. Once the authentication page loads, all the user sees is senhasegura's shield and a message that the authentication is currently in progress. No user interaction is allowed during this step.

If you have properly configured the automation, login will be successful, and the user can navigate the website freely.