# Core 

It is the application with the most features and is already selected for installation by default. With Core, you can:Run an application with or without privilege elevation.Elevate an application of the list.Manage Windows Control Panel.Configure adapters and network sharing.Access privileged folders.Uninstall applications.Perform Just-in-time (JIT) accesses.Run administrative commands.Perform Single Sign-On (SSO) in the senhasegura platform.When opening the application, it displays the following image:GO Endpoint Manager Core splash screen On the left, you have the GO Endpoint Manager main menus.In the top right corner:the Access senhasegura server and Offline Mode icons.the Just-in-Time (JIT) and GO Shell buttons.Above the header are the filters and the search bar.Next to the filter is the Refresh button.Activate and deactivate modulesGO Endpoint Manager for Windows allows you to make modules active or not. To configure, follow the steps.Access the senhasegura platform.Navigate to GO Endpoint Manager ➔ Configurações ➔ Parâmetros ➔ go Windows.In the Modules section, choose which module you want to make visible.Check Yes or No for the options:Enable applications?Enable Control Panel?Enable Network Sharing?Enable Network Interface?Enable Uninstall?Enable credentials?For the changes to take place, restart the application.CautionIf the Credentials are deactivated, accessing the Vault won't be possible. Synchronize politics or credentialsPolicies and credentials synchronizations happen automatically every 15 minutes. However, it is possible to synchronize through the application. To do this, follow the steps:Access the GO Endpoint Manager application (Core, Vault, or Automation).In the Windows hidden icons menu, right-click the senhasegura icon.Click one of the options: sync policies, sync credentials, or sync local groups to perform the sync.CautionCredential sync time may vary depending on the number of credentials synced.Sync notificationsInfoWhen restarting an application, the synchronization of the politics and credentials is automatically performed.Credentials synchronizationStartSynchronizing credentials. This may take a few minutes if it is not possible to communicate with the server. Please wait.EndCredentials synchronized successfully.Policy synchronizationStartSynchronizing policies. This may take a few minutes if it is not possible to communicate with the server. Please wait.EndPolicies synchronized successfully.Local group syncStartSynchronizing local groups. This may take a few minutes if it is not possible to communicate with the server. Please wait.EndUsers and groups discovered successfully.InfoThe execution of the Synchronization of local groups respects the execution days and times configured in the GO Windows parameters. See how to configure in Configure verification of local privileged credentials.Language settingsAfter installing one application in the workstation, you can change its language:Access a Go Endpoint Manager application (Core, Vault, or Automation).In the Windows hidden icons menu, right-click on the senhasegura icon.Select Change GO Endpoint Manager language.Choose the desired language.Restart the application.